there was a thread bathroom breaks are a
major problem in League are being abused
by pro players first off I just part of
the reason I was so frustrated with
writer this week is their thread titles
in particular bathroom breaks are a
major problem and League so first off
let's talk about major problems major
problems declining EU LCS viewership I
would consider that a major problem
major problems sketchy organizations
that are doing things to pro players you
know that's mostly been addressed but
still a major problem major problem
monetizing League of Legends eSports and
the struggles that league's teams and
content creators are having and making
sure bathroom breaks are not a major
problem okay yeah there were a couple
this week and that's why you're talking
about it but it is not a major technical
aberration yeah I think it's because
there were three which is still like how
many pastors are playing trick did it
intentionally because he drinks two to
three bottles of water per game
according to this coach so I love the
city afterwards there is like jar 3,000
water bottles XP or something like that
so there's there's a couple things here
one is I think that it is a dumb idea to
say that all of these instances that
you're seeing are was the result of
bathroom break specifically bathroom
breaks normally they are cited as like
health related issues and so yeah but
Jensen was in the bathroom yeah the
Jensen 1i
I mean I'll throw this out there I heard
from someone well so I did it interview
a smoothie that I'll go up and he kind
of referenced what was happening with
Jensen he did not use this language but
it sounds very similar language I heard
from somebody else which said that it
was a panic attack
and this is not the first time in which
we've heard I you know the idea of a
panic attack occurring Matt says that he
suffered from them he's not paused in
with that what it's some like if you saw
so I was watching the stage at the time
I don't know if you also were Travis but
like
you ran offstage like it was like like I
didn't even actually because the stage
itself is a head of the broadcast
there's like a slight delay so I saw
them sprinting offstage and I was like
what's going on and then the pause
showed up on streams so um but yes and
then I think I mean I think one of the
weird like misconceptions is because
what happens in a situation like that is
since there is a pause they will usher
players to the bathroom like as a well
we're pausing anyway does anyone else
have to go and like you're accompanied
by a reference yeah I think there's a
rule that when one player leaves the
stage other players can leave the stage
as well so that's why you yeah they
basically used it as like a well like if
you have to go go now because there just
happens to be this break so I think like
that was another thing that happened in
the G to pause where like the top
comment in that register that's actually
one of the referees they said any more
upload than destroy itself yeah
basically basically like the reason the
whole reason like people you see people
complaining about like they all went to
the bathroom and blah blah blah
they were just taking a break to as like
a strategic reset or whatever but he
said that they actually called for it a
couple times and it wasn't until it was
going to be like a basically a medical
emergency that they paused the game and
then the reason why so many people left
is because they were just like okay you
have to go to the bathroom because our
games anyway according to young buck
the referees didn't even agree to the
pause it was Mickey who paused the game
so you can argue but there is a
contention there that it was explained
like when I did better view after with
young but she explained that trick died
because he literally couldn't focus and
then Mickey chose to pause the game
because the referees were still denying
the pause and then Mickey died while he
was trying to pause so um that was good
and it actually cost them more to take
animals animals to like as a strategic
like because I think what people are
worrying a
so isn't even that they can talk in
between the game but it's like that you
could pause the game at like a crucial
moment whatever is a weird moment for it
I think the counter-argument is that
generally if you have like a sports game
you don't really get bathroom breaks
like people have even been viewing my
boy inspires like chorus peeing on a
corner yeah in sports there's a whole
bunch of other ridiculous things like
you know there's all these ridiculous TV
timeouts that happen so players can go
the bathroom non-stop there's larger
there's more often breaks like the
frequency with a players on the court
for 50 minutes zero zero times in
basketball and in football like
audiences except that strategic timeouts
are a huge thing especially like as you
get to the like last two minutes or so
of the game so and then here's my big
problem with it too is like one the rule
was implemented perfectly if most for
the most part I think I think the rest
could have like just said okay to the
pause because they have like the god
rule built into most rules in the
rulebook which basically means like if
the ref deems it correct he can override
the rule and the rule is there's no
bathroom breaks but like you said like
trick tried to pause in the lobby and
said he had to go the bathroom before
the game even started and like multiple
times in game before Mickey finally like
killed himself to be like listen my play
at my teammates about to piss himself
like let it get up and like I think the
rest at that point really alright fine
like this makes sense and that's exactly
how I want the rule to function and like
what the fans are arguing for is they
would rather have a player piss
themselves on or in this case vomit or
pass out on stage then have someone go
to the bathroom yeah and delay the game
for five minutes and then on the
flipside if you want the rest to take
this dance just imagine what the
backlash would be out of the community
then they let Jensen pass out or vomit
they let this kit pass the open trick is
humiliated in front of hundreds of
thousands of viewers how could riot do
this it's just such a fabulous like your
brains not working do when you make this
thread it's also like uh so there's like
a weird I'm looking at lck for this I
don't know if
people watched probably not because it
wasn't a particularly high series but
there is a very serene KC and the true
vvq Oliver's earlier and they're in game
to score played like absolutely
atrocious like he was so bad and see for
like what happened to him and then
miraculously in Game three he was like
significantly better in Games one and
three so they asked him because he was a
solo MVP of that series for Game one and
three and he was like well I tried to go
the bathroom in between Games one and
two
but someone was in there and I couldn't
go and so I had to hold it for all of
Game two it was very distracting and he
basically came out stuff like I had to
go and I couldn't go and he didn't like
he didn't call for a pause and he
visibly played a lot worse um so and I
remember previously I think I didn't
even realize that bathroom breaks could
be a thing like even as an emergency
until season like for when or five
season five one space called for a
bathroom break and he was actually
ripped apart for it um and they even
issued him because they let him go the
bathroom but basically what the referees
did is they issues like a warning
because there's like a series of
cautions in lck that you can be issues
that sometimes add up to like
subtracting or points if you like show
up to the stage lead or something like
that so they were I think they received
a caution for it yeah yeah so like it I
mean that could be a people want some
sort of solution to prevent players from
abusing bathroom breaks which I don't
even think is actually happening
maybe the referees could implement
something like that yeah I mean sure but
I it should trick be allowed to have two
to three bottles of water per game yes
because take the bottle many young
voters it would just feel the water
multiple yeah I think look I don't think
anyone is suggesting here that players
and teams should have like infinite
bathroom breaks or the ability to pause
if
start to feel nervous or anything like
that because it's a lot of hand there is
I mean a pretty good way to understand
this is that for many many years now
this system has been working fine it
wasn't until this past week that we
found out via reddit thread that this is
a major problem that is affecting League
of Legends eSports everywhere not just
that like oh there's been a rise of
Bastion breaks it's something going on
here if that was the right of threat I
don't think any of us would they're not
nothing the person we care but it's like
should write it should why you can all
turned riot is messing up they're
letting poor players abuse this system
and it's like no they actually handled
in my opinion most of these cases
exactly correctly yeah for the most part
like they're small things you could do
better right like the rest should have
let them pause probably a little earlier
if tricks actually going to pee himself
or whatever but like yeah there's a rule
thing you can't just take bathroom
breaks willy-nilly but if over the
course of the game a player is
consistently requesting it like I would
rather see players performing at their
highest level pause the game for two
minutes let them pee as long as it's not
abusing like you said a strategic thing
which is clearly isn't because you don't
know when you start complaining the
lobby that you're about to lose game
whatever you know I think the moment
that you start to create rules around
the stuff you start to really like there
is kind of a philosophy of you probably
shouldn't make a rule unless you really
really need it because the moment you
start putting hard to like definitions
and restrictions on things you start to
kind of back yourself into a corner
potentially and so I think that the
solution this is rest just say to like
write can contact all the teams and all
the players right now and say look we've
seen rise in this recently obviously
it's not good for anyone please be aware
that like we're monitoring this and we
don't want anyone to be abusing it
please make sure you were using the
restroom please make sure you're
drinking an adequate but not
overabundance of water please make sure
that you know like you we can't really
well panic attacks are an issue we feel
like if this is a reoccurring issue or
player players can sub in and out or
something along those lines like there's
a way to have a conversation about this
without implementing strong had
restrictions and I think it is really
silly the idea that reddit would like to
see people vomiting on stage
all right uh it would not know I'm
throwing right happening here I'd much
rather hear they took a pause there yeah
the guy defecated himself yeah
yeah